Asus has attended the 2014 edition of
mobile world congress with your new
generation of smartphones this tension
new family is distinguished from the family
of the smartphones because they are only
phones do not come with a tablet voucher
in this family we have the center of 4
cm with 5 and the phone 6 each with
different characteristics especially of
the most striking brand is the size
of the screen is worth the first
device that we have is 64 is a
device they have is a screen
of 4 inches worth is thought about
all for those users in whom
they pretend to have a device very
very important and always be connected
above all it is aimed at an audience
young also one thing to comment is that
the three devices come with intel
atom is worth what with technology
hyperthreading technology that what
allow is the multitasking of the
different cores of agreement and another of
the characteristics that the three have
phones is that they integrate the new
system the new interface of action is
the 6 white vale is about the goal
of this new interface is to provide
users a global experience not
only with the hardware but also to
Through the interface basically what
we have are a lot icons with a design
very very nice and they are flat and that
visually, they are very agile
another feature of this device
so much of him
105 as of 66 is that technology is
pixel master vale is a technology that
incorporates different modes in the camera
and one of them we can do a test
now
It is the low light mode
we can select it
and what this mode allows us
basically is to be able to make a
photography in scenarios where the
lighting is very critical
what it allows is basically what
does this technology is that it combines the
hack that to the different pixels
offering greater luminosity
see if you can bring a little of what goes
to know it's worth it if you want when the
camera see the luminosity that is below
inside as you can see
very little light and when we activate the mode
from the camera and we take a picture
We have your also presented
new versions of your phone pad inside
from the family of smartphones that already
we presented two years ago and the year
past
this is the is the bat phone mini is the
same concept ie it is a smartphone
that is integrated inside the tablet but
in a smaller size it is worth in this
case we can see that it is a
4-inch smartphone agree that
we can incorporate it into the 7 tablet
It is available in black and white in
blue red and availability still not
we can confirm it in europe